--Introductionn

My name is Brycen Gabaldon. I have more than 7 years of experience in Web & Blockchain.
I majored in computer science at the Hong Kong University and got B.D. in Computer Science.
After graduation, I got hired by Chatter Design, as a frontend developer and there started my work experience.

In the company I was a team member of developing the company's website, I grew my web development skills and learned many new things related to frontend building.

After over one year, I moved to AADigital which is bigger and more professional company.
There we built real estate websites and eCommerce for several companies and maintenance sites and revamped web applications and developed user-friendly websites.
We developed websites using Mern stack and I also became familiar with cloud services like AWS EC2, S3 Lambda and databases, both sql and no sql databases.
Although my contribution was not so splendid, the main point was I got to know how a huge web application is developed, how to design the platform, architecture, database, how to distribute roles, how to handle collaboration and so on.

After about 2years, I noticed that blockchain has become one of the main trends in development. So I decided to acquire some comprehension about blockchain and learned by reading docs and making simple projects with the help of tutorial videos. After I acquired enough knowledge, I started taking up projects.

Especailly, I got hired by some blockchain companies and built some big blockchain applications such as NFT marketplace, and Dex Defi platforms.

Regarding my tech skills, I use React, Next, TypeScript, Tailwind for frontend and Node, Express, Nest, and PHP, Python frameworks for backend, Solidity, web3.js, ethers.js for blockchain.

After I quited my last job, I worked as a freelancer have been working for blockchain projects.


--Last Position

In my last position, I worked as lead developer, smart contract engineer at Brange Finance.
We mainly built auto-staking system on Binance Smart Chain there.
We made a utility & governance token called Brange and it has unique functionality that someone with this token can get rewards.
Beside this platform, we also built Dex &  Defi platforms and cryto analysis platform.
I wored as a lead developer and smart contract engineer. It was fully remote role. Our team has 6-8 members.
In the morning, I had a call with CTO and some clients to clarify the requirements, and then I had stand-up meeting with developers to assign tickets to them. Then I had some one-to-one talk with developers or did some smart contract work. At the end of the day I had to have wrap-up meeting, check up and review the progress.
Brange finance was agency to provide web3 solutions, My contract was finished at August last year. After then, I have been working as a freelancer.


--About Jumy (the position prior to Brange)

Their main project was NFT marketplace and I worked as Full Stack Smart contract engineer at Jumy.
Out team was about 12members and I was responsible for building some components and writing some marketplace contracts.


--About blockchain Skills

Smart contract for EVM chains, I use Solidity 4years of experience

Use frameworks like Hardhat, openzeppelin for Smart contract development.
Use Mocha, Chai for testing.

Wrote smart contracts for NFT minting staking marketplace, Dex, Defi, staking farming, Utility, Governance tokens, P2E game.

For web3 integration, use web3.js, ethers.js.

I also have experience for Solana, Rust.